Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Why must Ohara-kun bother calling me?!
Why must he say he's interested in me?!
This nonsensical love and
marriage stuff is distressing me!
I need to break these
chains of love immediately!
H-Honjoji-san?!
Wh-Why? Um...
Ohara-kun! We should go on a date!
Huh?
Tell me what day you have off next.
Let's go then.
U-Um...
We're going on a date! Is that okay?!
Yes... It's okay.
Thank you.
I'll tell you where it will be later.
Bye.
Oh, I'm sorry I couldn't take your calls.
Bicycles Only
Hamura
Are You Okay with Dating?
Please come to the following
place at 9AM next Sunday.
Please dress for ease of walking.
Hamurin's House
Hamura Tourist Information Center
Let us guide you to your destination.
Remains of a Horse Watering Hole
Keep Our River Clean
I was right in the middle of despairing
over whether she had ignored my calls,
and then, suddenly, a date?
C-Could this be her response
to my asking her out?
But if so, that exchange was strangely tense.
And in the first place, why here?
I think that's—
That's the Hamura Intake Weir.
Honjoji-san!
Oh, you wore leather shoes?
I did message you to dress
for ease of walking.
Huh?
I'm about to do a tour
of the Tamagawa Aqueduct.
If you get bored, you're free to leave.
Here I go.
What?!
I'm done being considerate
and trying too hard.
I won't be misled anymore by romance!
I'm going to be my usual self today.
Tama, Tokyo
Once he sees my typical
behavior outside the office,
Ohara-kun should realize
he has the wrong idea.
And then, I'll return to my calm life.
This is the real-life me.
Now, Ohara-kun.
Prepare to be completely disappointed!
Statue of the Tamagawa Brothers
Wow, the Tamagawa brothers!
What is happening?
Honjoji-san seemed so angry yesterday.
But she was also talking
about going out on a date.
This seems like a strange mood
for a date, though.
"The Tamagawa Aqueduct.
Tamagawa Aqueduct
The Tamagawa Aqueduct. A
waterway stretching from
Hamura to Yotsuya, dug by the
Tamagawa brothers during the
Edo period.
A waterway stretching
from Hamura to Yotsuya,
dug by the Tamagawa brothers
during the Edo period."
So, Honjoji-san.
Why are you doing a tour
of the Tamagawa Aqueduct today?
Because they covered it on Bochi Komori.
Welcome to Bochi Komori.
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Precious Drinking Water for the Edo Period
Bochi Komori
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Kida Misa
Komori
Today, we've come to
the Tama River's Hamura Intake Weir,
the starting point of the Tamagawa Aqueduct.
Komori-san, who knew there was
a place like this in the Tokyo Metropolis?
You said it.
Keep Our River Clean
It's amazing!
The dammed-up water is flowing forcefully
into the Tamagawa Aqueduct over there.
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Precious Drinking Water for the Edo Period
Bochi Komori
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Ah.
Now, for today's topic.
"How did the Tamagawa Aqueduct
benefit the city of Edo?"
How did the Tamagawa Aqueduct
benefit the city of Edo?
Perhaps some of our viewers learned
about this in grade school social studies.
The Tamagawa Aqueduct was constructed
in 1653 to deliver water to the city of Edo.
Today it's been designated
a national historic site.
And believe it or not, it's still
used as a water supply to this day.
I'm a fan of that show,
so on my days off, I often
visit locations they feature.
Gotcha. I saw that episode
of Bochi Komori too.
Yes, you did say when we went to Aso
that you're also a fan.
Ome
Hinode
Akiruno
Hamura
Mizuho
Fussa
I saw the Tamagawa Aqueduct
frequently when I was in school,
as I lived in Hachioji.
I would walk along
the river terraces around here.
And I'm looking forward to today.
How about it, Ohara-kun?
That's a very boring day off,
if I do say so myself!
I'm impressed.
I've watched the show,
but I never go visit the locations.
You know, I wonder if
he saw last week's episode.
The one about Hakone!
No, no. I mustn't lose focus.
Act normally, act normally.
What was that all about?
This flow is still being used
as a water supply.
Oh, the Tachikawa terrace.
From here, the Tamagawa
Aqueduct crosses two cliffs
Ome
Hamura
Nishitama District
Akiruno
Hinode
and goes up over the Musashino Plateau.
That's incredible engineering!
G-Good.
As I expected, he's bored.
He can leave anytime!
This is the everyday Honjoji-san.
Hinode Wild Birds
Sanctuary Nature Park
Blessed Bell
Ring once for your own happiness.
Ring twice for happiness for two.
Ring thrice for everyone's happiness.
Ring softly, and wish silently.
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here. Please
ring the bell while praying in your heart.
Hey, Honjoji-san...
Uh, Honjoji-san.
It's about lunchtime.
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Free Passage
The Kodaira Observation Point.
From here, Tama River
water passes through pipes,
and is conveyed to the
Higashi-Murayama Purification Plant.
This is where the natural water flow ends.
The low aqueduct bridge.
This is the only place you can go
right down to the aqueduct's waters!
I can't wait!
Although from this point onward,
the flow is water reclaimed through
the use of wastewater treatment.
Tamagawa Aqueduct
Clean Water Recovery
This water once supported
the daily lives of the people of Edo.
You route water through the empty wilderness,
and then people gather to be near the water.
It produces a whole new landscape.
A single waterway creates a world.
So amazing.
It sure is.
What, you're still here?!
Oh, sorry.
I was looking up stuff about the Tamagawa
Aqueduct, and I just responded on auto-pilot.
I-I was totally off in my own world.
Wait, what?!
Was he watching while that
whole fantasy played out?!
I mean, I wanted to show him the everyday me,
but I didn't want him seeing this.
Uh, you must be bored.
You don't have to force yourself to tag along.
W-Well, I'm enjoying it.
It's the first time I've ever
seen you having so much fun.
Um, you really do love maps, huh?
In fact, am I getting in the way of things?
Oh, no! No!
Th-This can't be.
There's no way he enjoys this.
It's just a typical day of mine.
Nothing special.
There can't be a person like this.
Ohara-kun, are you actually human?
Or... are you some kind of phantom?
What in the world are you, Ohara-kun?
Huh?
You're weird for thinking this is enjoyable.
All I'm doing is looking at waterways
and surveying cliffs.
I'm just having my own fun.
Uh, well...
I can't understand myself
when I'm with you like this.
And so...
please make this the last time
we see each other.
I'll take responsibility
for the Alaska transfer.
So let's put an end to this.
That's what I wanted to tell you today.
I'm afraid of who I am when I'm with you.
I see.
Then, this is it.
Yes.
Huh, what's going on?
I feel like crying.
What is this?
It's always the same.
I'm turning off my feelings again.
Because I don't want to be disappointed.
I don't want anyone disappointed in me.
So I always turn them off.
Is it right to do it this time too?
It's not. It's not right at all!
The truth is... The truth is...
I want to be with Ohara-kun!
Should I just turn around and go?
I always do this. I always just accept it!
How long am I going to be afraid?
I don't even have anything.
I can't just leave.
I can't... just leave!
I can't lose someone important to me!
Whaaaaaaaaaa?!
U-Um...
I need a moment.
Ohara-kun, how about we reevaluate?
Reevaluate?
That's right. So many overly
unexpected things have happened.
Oh, this doesn't mean I'm angry.
We weren't even friends to begin with.
We were coworkers with differing seniority
and fake-marriage partners.
Am I right?
Mere coworkers have no need
to barge into one another's homes
or go for nighttime walks in Aso.
T-True.
And yet, somehow, that's
how things played out.
Do you know why?
Um... Now that you mention it, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure either.
That's why I planned today's date
in order to simplify it all.
Yet you claimed this plain old date is fun.
When I suggested we
don't see each other again,
we instead held each other's hands
and gazed at each other.
How did we end up kissing?!
I-I'm not really sure why.
Tama, Tokyo
You can have this map.
Sorry, but please walk the rest of it alone.
Huh?!
I'm going home to think.
Oh, this doesn't mean I'm angry. Honest.
Tama, Tokyo
Honjoji-san, you're amazing.
How can you be so calm?
We went and kissed!
W-We went and kissed!
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Yes?
Ohara and Honjoji, you say?
Yes, I see.
301 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
Understood.
G...
G-Good morning.
Um, after you.
No, after you.
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Um...
Okay then.
G'morning!
You two look great together this morning!
Hope I'm not intruding.
Not at all, go on in.
Good morning.
I didn't get enough sleep.
What's going on with this booking?
I submitted a request.
Five items, finalized.
Thank you for that.
Honjoji-san, please process this.
Nonoyama
All right.
Ohara-kun.
Please confirm these hotels.
Oh, sure.
Thank you.
Will do.
Travel Agency Proposal: Las Vegas City Lights and Cost Guide
Bellagio Hotel
Caesars Palace Hotel
Is this the Las Vegas Bellagio?
Yes. Um, let's see.
Bellagio starts here,
and from here, it's Caesars.
U-Understood.
It's no use. No matter what I do,
I keep thinking about yesterday!
Calm down, calm down! You're at work!
Be calm!!
No, there's no calming down!
Not when the one I kissed
is right in front of me!
A full-grown adult can't let
something like this shake her!
R-Right, I'm not some junior high student.
Oh no. If we're a mess, everyone's going to
realize something happened between us!
Oh.
But we were doing the whole fake
marriage thing in the first place.
Honjoji, Ohara. You got a minute?
Yes.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
I have something important
to discuss with you two.